Updated all dependencies except eslint (#170)
iTwin/presentation-rules-editor: CONTRIBUTING.md

- `app/` — contains source code for the editor application.
- `presentation-rules-editor-react/` — contains reusable components that can be added to other applications that wish to integrate a presentation ruleset editor.

### Environment variables

> - `app/frontend/` — has a `.env` file which has `OAUTH_CLIENT_ID` set to the same value that used in production. However, if you try to Sign In using this client, it won't work. You need to set create a new client and use it's value in `.env.local`. See [.env](app/frontend/.env) for details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `app/frontend/` — has an `.env` file which has `OAUTH_CLIENT_ID` set to the same value that used in production. However, if you try to Sign In using this client id, it won't work. You need to register a new client and specify it's id in `.env.local`. See [.env](app/frontend/.env) for details.
```
